# bundle id | UTI/ext/MIME type | role

## Binary
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend obj editor
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend bin editor
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend aria2 editor
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend dat editor
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend obj editor
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend o editor
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend rsrc editor
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend pyc editor
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend blob editor
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend exe editor
com.ridiculousfish.HexFiend hex editor

## Programming
com.microsoft.VSCode .applescript all
com.microsoft.VSCode .c all
com.microsoft.VSCode .clj all
com.microsoft.VSCode .cpp all
com.microsoft.VSCode .cs all
com.microsoft.VSCode .css all
com.microsoft.VSCode .csv all
com.microsoft.VSCode .h all
com.microsoft.VSCode .ics all
com.microsoft.VSCode .java all
com.microsoft.VSCode .js all
com.microsoft.VSCode .json all
com.microsoft.VSCode .m all
com.microsoft.VSCode .md all
com.microsoft.VSCode .php all
com.microsoft.VSCode .pl all
com.microsoft.VSCode .py all
com.microsoft.VSCode .r all
com.microsoft.VSCode .rb all
com.microsoft.VSCode .scpt all
com.microsoft.VSCode .sh all
com.microsoft.VSCode .sql all
com.microsoft.VSCode .ts all
com.microsoft.VSCode .txt all
com.microsoft.VSCode .go all

## Video
com.colliderli.iina public.movie    editor
com.colliderli.iina mov    editor
com.colliderli.iina mkv    editor
com.colliderli.iina mpeg    editor
com.colliderli.iina mp4    editor
com.colliderli.iina m4v    editor
com.colliderli.iina avi    editor
com.colliderli.iina divx    editor
com.colliderli.iina wmv    editor
com.colliderli.iina 3gp    editor
com.colliderli.iina 3g2    editor
com.colliderli.iina h264    editor
com.colliderli.iina h265    editor
com.colliderli.iina av1    editor
com.colliderli.iina vp8    editor
com.colliderli.iina vp9    editor
com.colliderli.iina webm    editor
com.colliderli.iina flv    editor

## Audio
com.colliderli.iina mp3    editor
com.colliderli.iina m4a    editor
com.colliderli.iina m4b    editor
com.colliderli.iina m4r    editor
com.colliderli.iina aac    editor
com.colliderli.iina caf    editor
com.colliderli.iina wav    editor
com.colliderli.iina flac    editor
com.colliderli.iina alac    editor
com.colliderli.iina aiff    editor
com.colliderli.iina opus    editor
com.colliderli.iina ogg    editor
com.colliderli.iina oga    editor
